content/guide/tutorials/boosterpacks/tutorial_edumkii/edumkii_examples/AccelerometerLED.adoc, before:

== EDUMKII AccelerometerLED
This Example uses the Accelerometer to control the LED colors.

=== Example Video
{{< youtube L9vLIRhfUlk >}}

=== Hardware Required
* TI LaunchPad
* Educational BoosterPack MKII

=== Schematic
This basic example just uses your LaunchPad and BoosterPack only and no external wiring is needed.

=== Code
----
/*
 Analog signal chain on Educational BoosterPack MK II
 http://boosterpackdepot.info/wiki/index.php?title=Educational_BoosterPack_MK_II

 The sketch demonstrates a complete analog signal chain getting
 input from the 3-axis accelerometer and using that to mix the color
 for the RGB LED.


 Sketch was originally written for Educational BoosterPack and for the
 "Getting Started with LaunchPad" book. Updated to use 12-bit ADC LaunchPad
 and with new pin-out of the Educational BoosterPack MK II

 The circuit utilizes the LEDs on the Educational BoosterPack MK II:
 * RED LED attached from digital pin 39 to ground.
 * GREEN LED attached from digital pin 38 to ground.
 * BLUE LED attached from digital pin 37 to ground.
 Analog accelerometer channels:
 * analog 25: z-axis
 * analog 24: y-axis
 * analog 23: x-axis


 Absolute rating/conversion can be determined from the ADXL3xx datasheet.
 As a quick reference, for LaunchPads with 12-bit ADC (MSP430F5529, Tiva C, etc.),
 the entire analog  range is [0,4096]. For simple tilting calculation
 [-1g,1g] ~ = [mid-800, mid + 800] = [2048-800,2048+800] = [1248,2848]


Created Dec 2012
Modified Dec 2013
by Dung Dang

*/
const int xpin = 23; // x-axis of the accelerometer
const int ypin = 24; // y-axis
const int zpin = 25; // z-axis (only on 3-axis models)
const int redLED= 39; // assign red LED to Pin #9
const int greenLED= 38;// assign green LED to Pin #10
const int blueLED= 37; // assign blueLED to Pin #12

void setup() {
    // By default MSP432 has analogRead() set to 10 bits.
    // This Sketch assumes 12 bits. Uncomment to line below to set analogRead()
    // to 12 bit resolution for MSP432.
    //analogReadResolution(12);
    Serial.begin(9600); // initialize for sending diagnostic info to computer
}

void loop() {
    int analogValue;// CHECK X AXIS (red)
    analogValue = analogRead(xpin); // read X axis
    Serial.print("RED (X): ");      // print to serial monitor
    Serial.print(analogValue);
    Serial.print("\t");
    if(analogValue >2048){ // check if tilting on x axis in positive direction
        analogValue = map(analogValue, 2048, 2850, 0, 150); // map to RGB range
        analogWrite(redLED, analogValue); // output color
    }
    else if(analogValue<2048){ // check if tilting on x axis in negative direction
        analogValue = map(analogValue, 1250, 2048, 150, 0); // map to RGB range
        analogWrite(redLED, analogValue);  // output color
    }
    else{
        analogWrite(redLED, 0); // analogValue is b/w 450 & 490, X axis is ~flat
    }
    // CHECK Y AXIS (green)
    analogValue = analogRead(ypin); // read Y axis
    Serial.print("GREEN (Y): "); // print to serial monitor
    Serial.print(analogValue);
    Serial.print("\t");
    if(analogValue >2048){ // check if tilting on Y axis in positive direction
        analogValue = map(analogValue, 2048, 2850, 0, 150); // map to RGB range
        analogWrite(greenLED, analogValue); // output color
    }
    else if(analogValue<2048){ // check if tilting on Y axis in negative direction
        analogValue = map(analogValue, 1250, 2048, 150, 0); // map to RGB range
        analogWrite(greenLED, analogValue); // output color
    }
    else{
        analogWrite(greenLED, 0);// analogValue is b/w 450 & 490, Y axis is ~flat
    }
    // CHECK Z AXIS (blue)
    analogValue = analogRead(zpin); // read Z axis
    Serial.print("BLUE (Z): "); // print to serial monitor
    Serial.print(analogValue);
    Serial.print("\t");
    if(analogValue >2048){ // check if tilting on Z axis in positive direction
        analogValue = map(analogValue, 2048, 2850, 0, 150); // map to RGB range
        analogWrite(blueLED, analogValue); // output color
    }
    else if(analogValue<2048){ // check if tilting on Z axis in negative direction
        analogValue = map(analogValue, 1250, 2048, 150, 0); // map to RGB range
        analogWrite(blueLED, analogValue); // output color
    }
    else{
        analogWrite(blueLED, 0); // analogValue is b/w 450 & 490, Z axis is ~flat
    }
}
----

Commit message:

Add edumkii_examples/AccelerometerLED example

content/guide/tutorials/boosterpacks/tutorial_edumkii/edumkii_examples/AccelerometerLED.adoc, after:

== EDUMKII AccelerometerLED
This Example uses the Accelerometer to control the LED colors.

=== Example Video
{{< youtube L9vLIRhfUlk >}}

=== Hardware Required
* TI LaunchPad
* Educational BoosterPack MKII

=== Schematic
This basic example just uses your LaunchPad and BoosterPack only and no external wiring is needed.

=== Code
This example can be found in Energia under: File->Examples->09.EducationBP_MKII->AccelerometerLED.
----
/*
 Analog signal chain on Educational BoosterPack MK II
 http://boosterpackdepot.info/wiki/index.php?title=Educational_BoosterPack_MK_II

 The sketch demonstrates a complete analog signal chain getting
 input from the 3-axis accelerometer and using that to mix the color
 for the RGB LED.


 Sketch was originally written for Educational BoosterPack and for the
 "Getting Started with LaunchPad" book. Updated to use 12-bit ADC LaunchPad
 and with new pin-out of the Educational BoosterPack MK II

 The circuit utilizes the LEDs on the Educational BoosterPack MK II:
 * RED LED attached from digital pin 39 to ground.
 * GREEN LED attached from digital pin 38 to ground.
 * BLUE LED attached from digital pin 37 to ground.
 Analog accelerometer channels:
 * analog 25: z-axis
 * analog 24: y-axis
 * analog 23: x-axis


 Absolute rating/conversion can be determined from the ADXL3xx datasheet.
 As a quick reference, for LaunchPads with 12-bit ADC (MSP430F5529, Tiva C, etc.),
 the entire analog  range is [0,4096]. For simple tilting calculation
 [-1g,1g] ~ = [mid-800, mid + 800] = [2048-800,2048+800] = [1248,2848]


Created Dec 2012
Modified Dec 2013
by Dung Dang

*/
const int xpin = 23; // x-axis of the accelerometer
const int ypin = 24; // y-axis
const int zpin = 25; // z-axis (only on 3-axis models)
const int redLED= 39; // assign red LED to Pin #9
const int greenLED= 38;// assign green LED to Pin #10
const int blueLED= 37; // assign blueLED to Pin #12

void setup() {
    // By default MSP432 has analogRead() set to 10 bits.
    // This Sketch assumes 12 bits. Uncomment to line below to set analogRead()
    // to 12 bit resolution for MSP432.
    //analogReadResolution(12);
    Serial.begin(9600); // initialize for sending diagnostic info to computer
}

void loop() {
    int analogValue;// CHECK X AXIS (red)
    analogValue = analogRead(xpin); // read X axis
    Serial.print("RED (X): ");      // print to serial monitor
    Serial.print(analogValue);
    Serial.print("\t");
    if(analogValue >2048){ // check if tilting on x axis in positive direction
        analogValue = map(analogValue, 2048, 2850, 0, 150); // map to RGB range
        analogWrite(redLED, analogValue); // output color
    }
    else if(analogValue<2048){ // check if tilting on x axis in negative direction
        analogValue = map(analogValue, 1250, 2048, 150, 0); // map to RGB range
        analogWrite(redLED, analogValue);  // output color
    }
    else{
        analogWrite(redLED, 0); // analogValue is b/w 450 & 490, X axis is ~flat
    }
    // CHECK Y AXIS (green)
    analogValue = analogRead(ypin); // read Y axis
    Serial.print("GREEN (Y): "); // print to serial monitor
    Serial.print(analogValue);
    Serial.print("\t");
    if(analogValue >2048){ // check if tilting on Y axis in positive direction
        analogValue = map(analogValue, 2048, 2850, 0, 150); // map to RGB range
        analogWrite(greenLED, analogValue); // output color
    }
    else if(analogValue<2048){ // check if tilting on Y axis in negative direction
        analogValue = map(analogValue, 1250, 2048, 150, 0); // map to RGB range
        analogWrite(greenLED, analogValue); // output color
    }
    else{
        analogWrite(greenLED, 0);// analogValue is b/w 450 & 490, Y axis is ~flat
    }
    // CHECK Z AXIS (blue)
    analogValue = analogRead(zpin); // read Z axis
    Serial.print("BLUE (Z): "); // print to serial monitor
    Serial.print(analogValue);
    Serial.print("\t");
    if(analogValue >2048){ // check if tilting on Z axis in positive direction
        analogValue = map(analogValue, 2048, 2850, 0, 150); // map to RGB range
        analogWrite(blueLED, analogValue); // output color
    }
    else if(analogValue<2048){ // check if tilting on Z axis in negative direction
        analogValue = map(analogValue, 1250, 2048, 150, 0); // map to RGB range
        analogWrite(blueLED, analogValue); // output color
    }
    else{
        analogWrite(blueLED, 0); // analogValue is b/w 450 & 490, Z axis is ~flat
    }
}
----
